README.md, before:

<h1 align="left">👋 Hi, I'm Miguel</h1>
<h3 align="left">Developer interested in systems programming, programming languages, and real-time simulations. I enjoy learning by building tools and exploring low-level performance.</h3>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/torresds">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=torresds&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="torresds" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/miguel-tds">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Miguel-blue?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:migueltrrds@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-migueltrrds@gmail.com-red?style=flat-square&logo=gmail" />
  </a>
</p>

---

### 🚧 Currently working on:

- 🔧 [PebbleDB](https://github.com/torresds/PebbleDB): an embedded key-value store in C++ (LevelDB-style)  
- 🌀 [luna](https://github.com/torresds/luna): a compiler and VM for a Lua-inspired language  

---

### 💡 Interests & stack

- 💬 Ask me about: `C++`, `TypeScript`, `React`, `Lua`
- 📫 How to reach me: **migueltrrds@gmail.com**

---

### 🛠️ Languages and Tools

**Languages**  
`C` `C++` `TypeScript` `JavaScript` `Java` `GDScript`

**Frontend**  
`React` `Next.js` `TailwindCSS` `CSS3`

**Backend**  
`Node.js` `Express`

**Databases**  
`MongoDB` `MySQL` `Redis`


**Other**  
`Git` `Linux` `Godot`

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=torresds&layout=compact&hide=css&theme=default" alt="Top langs" />
</p>

---

Commit message:

Update currently working on section in README
Removed two projects from the currently working on section.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="left">👋 Hi, I'm Miguel</h1>
<h3 align="left">Developer interested in systems programming, programming languages, and real-time simulations. I enjoy learning by building tools and exploring low-level performance.</h3>

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/torresds">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=torresds&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="torresds" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/miguel-tds">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Miguel-blue?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:migueltrrds@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-migueltrrds@gmail.com-red?style=flat-square&logo=gmail" />
  </a>
</p>

---

### 🚧 Currently working on:

- 🧠 [tiny-nn](https://github.com/torresds/tiny-nn): a minimal neural network framework built from scratch in C++
---

### 💡 Interests & stack

- 💬 Ask me about: `C++`, `TypeScript`, `React`, `Lua`
- 📫 How to reach me: **migueltrrds@gmail.com**

---

### 🛠️ Languages and Tools

**Languages**  
`C` `C++` `TypeScript` `JavaScript` `Java` `GDScript`

**Frontend**  
`React` `Next.js` `TailwindCSS` `CSS3`

**Backend**  
`Node.js` `Express`

**Databases**  
`MongoDB` `MySQL` `Redis`


**Other**  
`Git` `Linux` `Godot`

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=torresds&layout=compact&hide=css&theme=default" alt="Top langs" />
</p>

---
